is it enough to take care of the problem
number one mr. karate I took karate well
I don't know man what does this match of
even like let's see what happens she's
got a mall here we go romance on the
left already backed in the corner mob
which is kind of spacing out female
aground shopping with CDs that was a
great jump CD oh and okay I think he was
trying to go for that janky frame trap
in the corner I don't know if Mara knows
about it safe jump good roll oh nice can
see an seer so FAR's is working out
great for romance mr. karate is being
trapped in the cornhole I was so sick we
got tricks got tricks over romance here
oh now he's in the corner ok rock
arkansas city nice a voice for counter
that was godlike San Jeff for the round
yeah he knew that fireball is coming
that uh that that counter is coming so
you know why not be in there he got dude
to anything to me yeah man fly away that
was I was so smart I never thought of
that well you don't play my shirt that's
Tris my wife over here we go this is the
problem watch out he's trying to get
that knocked down you get that alcohol
look at that okay here we go oh this
damage 34 in the corner that's close to
post one to four more you should be dead
I was gonna bend the bars there we go
he's got a burr DJ killer character wow
that was so back and forth after an
extremely convincing first round from
romance and equally convincing second
round from Mago chudi God the promise
with that combo romance is at full bars
and full stops right now that's true
romance has so much meter right now but
doesn't matter watch i can get chocolate
what it is has 10 english i can get
drunk LOL oh no knock down from there
drops the combo after any kind of
knockdown Mama's gonna be going for the
half roll back from ate it all back
Johnny go retreat oh that's almost
punishes it very dangerous situations
for romance 02
again watch I've so much damage that's
like me drinking like eight shots in a
row lemony I'm just drooling Butchie
okay so it's been a very very
disadvantaged situation here with benny
morrow on anchor but again two bars full
HD he needs to land a hit oh nice gifts
command grab he's gonna get a big follow
up on this all the narrow way records we
get that meter back here we go oh it
doesn't get the optimal photo but he
didn't have the bar now at no bars just
do it keep doing it okay just one more
hit oh not good read the roll through
back in the corner yeah very good
response from romance here we go Benny
Marr was still full health and converses
anchor and we have flame Yuri the
old-school cheap he helped it's nice our
throw junkie junkie oh great uppercut
yeah one combo when yours in the corner
is gonna land about 500 damage oh no no
don't forget the punish car council roll
okay yours on the coin let's see what
kind of pressure romance again Oh for
Dave both players jumping around trying
to hit each other a delay over the small
very tense situation for both players or
always oh this is it if he doesn't drop
this convo aod kept is so easy yeah he
kept it so easy very smart play for
manga I'll go God takes game number one
again throw mega this is two out of
three this is winter brat winners
bracket action top eight here at kof 13
for CEO 2012 the winner will go into top
four for tomorrow uncontested of course
romance did put on a very convincing
show against okido last weekend after
losing him two out of three and winners
bracket came back and took it 40 and
losers yeah see bromance can pour clutch
stunt like that once again against
another of Japan's best all right I was
in the corner getting pressured here but
you know it's mr. karate oh my goodness
it really matter look at this romances
choice of choosing mature to counter mr.
karate is working out so well oh I
didn't say that oh nice goes for it
anyways oh no Marva show Joey
unfamiliarity with host Matthew feeds
the role he dashed odd like after it I
was godlike oh my god great closer old
romances in the corner gets thrown one
more mix up all night romance barely
takes out first round I can tell from
romance to space said he's looking tense
right now this is a lot harder than he
wants it to be well problem number one
is gone just karate yeah but this is
watch I here haha jack is the guy that
took out two characters former rams last
game let's see if you can prevent him
from getting drunk this time don't get
knocked down with higher all I doesn't
even need to get through up this is
gentle mature
it's all tied up romance has about a 1
bar 1 drive advantage going into the
third round
alright your age boy Steve Young has a
signature capture blows it oh can I lost
a perfectly spaced is he gonna wall
carry oh oh that was the reset he was
trying to go for the reset but yeah mama
didn't roll yeah that's true oh here you
go hard oh there's a bunch no one
punishes that yep but mother dead and
this is gonna be huge damage to bars or
what that's 10 this is gone that
character is dead oh wait no one chooses
Lamar I'm gonna kill no he's already run
up walls romance doing romance just
nodding his head like okay he wasn't
expecting that one this is it it's a
jeweler this could be it match point one
knockdown could be very dangerous
romance has to play extremely clutch if
he wants to be Marta right now oh
there's no air throws you stop it
everything ma was trying to do this
other hair 300 drunk again let's see how
ron has chooses to defend against oh no
no I think that's it or else it Albany
all up again are you drop's it again oh
my god
Margot Margot 2d God sneaks up with the
command grab Mongo takes it 220 against
Ronan Wow the Japanese object technology
Cruz Beach you met too much for one of
socal spines to handle god damn it